feat: add 'now' property instead of data-now attribute (#2674)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/components/calendar/readme.md

<sbb-calendar min="1600000000" max="1700000000" selected="1650000000"></sbb-calendar>
```

> To specify a specific date for the current datetime, you can use the `now` property (timestamp in milliseconds).
> This is helpful if you need a specific state of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simulate the current datetime, you can use the `now` property (timestamp in milliseconds).
This is helpful if you need a specific state of the component.
```
Just a suggestion

Author: Changed
